So that is everything I have today.
So this doc is full of tons of
information to walk through the code
examples are everything is located.
I hope you've seen that with Firebase
that you can use FireStore for
real time updates.
Now that you can use authentication
to sign in providers we can secure it
all at security rules with great
testing as well as well as
doing advanced things with Functions and
Firebase Hosting.
And we all have the space to do it with an
emulator or then deploying to production.
So that is the fundamentals of Firebase
and thank you all for watching.
Wait we have a question.
>> This is more focused on functions.
Let's say using your expenses example I
have expenses that are actually originate
on an outside system, so now in Firebase.
If is that a situation where I would use
an HD PBS trigger to like that expense
gets created that other system that makes
that request and then populate Firebase?
>> So where is the or so
they say expense lives on another or
another server somewhere.
>> Yeah, it's generate.
>> Exactly as generate,
how would you normally get that?
Would that be through like a rest
API that you would get that back?
>> Yeah, on some of the system that comes
into like, yeah, or like a rest API.
Now it exists on that system.
Right.
>> Really I want everybody to look at like
a Firebase.
>> so there's a couple of ways to go
about it you could say hey when a user is
created or when certain event happens
go out with that pert information call
to the REST API and
store it back in FireStore.
So then there's sort of the sync, so
I guess the two ways of doing it is either
you're figuring out a way to use triggers
to synchronize external state of API
data on an external network or several
servers somewhere within FireStore.
So every time something gets updated,
it knows to go and call that again.
You can even create web hooks
also with we have an example.
And we have a huge functions,
repos functional function sample
repo that shows how to do that.
But you can create a web hook that will
call out to your own request function is
another way you could do it.
But you have to ask yourself, do I wanna
sync that data in with FireStore or
do I merely just want an avenue,
again API gateway to go out and grab it?
So those are really your two ways.
You can either sync or you can just
use a cloud function to retrieve and
then kinda merge together on the client.
So hope that was helpful.
Okay, cool.
All right, and if there's no more
questions, thank you all for coming out.
[APPLAUSE]